The Mexican People Are Ready for Communism

The inhabitants of the state of Morelos, as well as those
from Southern Puebla, from Michoacan, Durango, Jalisco, Yucatan
and other states, in which vast territorial expanses have
been invaded by proletarian multitudes who have dedicated themselves there (luegteo) to cultivate them, demonstrating in the
entire world between, with deeds, that they do not need a society
of experts to resolve the problem of hunger.

To bring a practical result to this of the taking of possession
of the land and the instruments of work in Mexico,
they did not need "leaders", of "friends" of the working class,
nor did they lack the "paternal decrees",
"wise laws" nor anything like that. The action that was done and
did it everything.  Mexico marches under communism more readily
than that which had hoped the most exalted revolutionaries
and the Government an the Bourgeoisie now find themselves
without knowing that to do in the presence
of the facts which cry very far away still than they have realized.

It has been only three months since Juan Sarabia, in a
extensive and fastidious letter opened directed at me
and which was published in fact by all the bourgeois press in Mexico,
said to me that the working class did not understand that which we predicted
and the people would be satisfied with the conquest of the
revolt of Madero:  the electoral ballot.  The facts have
demonstrated that we are not some dupes that the liberals and that
we fight convecide that our action and our propaganda
responds to the necessities and the mode of thinking of
the poor class of Mexico.

The Mexican people hate, by instinct, Authority
and the Bourgeoisie.  All that hey have lived in Mexico
have been ceriorado that they did not have an individual
more cordially hated that the soldier,
that he word "Governor"
filled with nervousness of the sensible persons, tat the soldier,
in all parts admired and applauded, is seen with antipathy
and depreciation; that all persons who did not gain the sustenance
with work of their hands are hated.

This is already more than sufficient for a revolution social
in character economic and anti-authoritarian; but there is more.
In Mexico live some four hundred thousand Indians [indios],
who have had some twenty or twenty-five years living in communities,
possessing in common the lands, the waters, and the forests.
Mutual aid was the rule in these communities, in which
the authority was only known when the agent of
recuadacion of rents made his periodic apparition or when or
when the rural police arrived in the search of adult males
to make them enlist in the federal army.  In these communities
there were no judged, nor mayors, nor jailers, nor
any polilla of this class.  All had the right to the earth,
the water for los regadios, the forest for the wood and the lumber madera
for the construction of their hundes.  The arados traveled from hand to hand,
just like the yuntas that bueyes.  Each family worked
in extension fhte earth witch they calculated would be sufficient
to produce what they needed, and the work of escarda and raising
the harvests they did in common, reuniting all of the community,
today to reap the harvest of Pedro;
tomorrow to reap that of Juan, and so forth.  To build a hut,
they put their hands to work all the members of the
community.  These sensible (sencillas) customs lasted until,
strong to the authority for the pacification complete of thcountry,
could guarantee to the bourgeoisie the prosperity of their
businesses.  The generals of the political revolts would
receive great
extensions of terrain; the landowners would ensanceraon the
limits of their fiefdoms; the most vile politicastros they would obtain
as bribes immense terrains, and the foreign adventurers
would obtain concessions of lands, forests, waters, of
all, in the end, remaining for our native brothers without a
palm of earth, without the right to take neither from the forest
not ore than a tiny branch of a tree, in the most abject misery,
despojando of all that which is theirs 

As far as the mixed-race population, which is the form
of the majority of the Mexican inhabitants,
with the exception those who live in the great cities and
the important villagers, count also with
communal lands, forests, and free waters, the same as
the indigenous population.  Mutual aid is equally the rule;
houses are created in common, the money is
almost always never in necessity,
because they have been and exchange of products, but it has make
the peace, the authority se robustecio, and the bandits of
the police and the money they rob descaraamente the lands,
the forests, everything.  There are not but four years, still could see it
in the periodicals of the oppoisiotnthat the norhtamerican X,
o the German or Spanish Z has been encircleied
a population entire of the limits of "their" property
with the help of authority.

If you see, then, that the people Mexican are ready to come
to communism, because they have practiced it, at least in part,
for centuries, and that explains which,  eve when
their majority is illiterate, understand that the best thing
is to take part in these electoral farces to elevate oppressors,
it is preferable to take possession of the land, and that is
taking with a great scandal of the bourgeois thieves.

Now it only remains that he worker takes possession of the
workshop, the factory, the main, the fundicion, of the railways,
of the something, of all in a word, that they do not recognize
bosses of any class that hat will be the final of the present
movement.  Forward, comrades

RICARDO FLORES MAGON ("Regeneration", 2 September 1911)
